---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-11-15 15:20:53+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-25-day-69b
title: Week 25 - Day 69B
wordpress_id: 490
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 1x5
- deadlift
- force deload
- press
- prone bridge
- pullups
- squat
---

Relatively short workout.  I've decided yet again to do a force deload of volume down from 3x5 to 1x5.  I'm totally breaking out of the 3-stall-deload-2-deload-drop volume scheme, but I've been plateauing for a number of weeks now and I'd like to see more progress.  My weight hasn't moved, but I'm fairly satisfied sitting at ~180-182.  Aesthetically, I think I've developed plenty of muscle size to let me start cutting back on the cals to lower body fat for better muscle definition.

For boxing, I think I have sufficient muscle to fight and so I will begin to incorporate more explosive and anaerobic exercises (maybe even lifts?  Power cleans?) in the coming weeks.  I still want my strength gains to continue going up for as long as I can manage it.  I'm definitely looking to build up my speed and endurance and most importantly core strength.

I think a good indicator of whether or not I'm recovering fast enough is if I'm capable of finishing a workout within an hour's time which also includes accessory work.  Anything over indicates I'm resting more frequently and for longer periods of time thereby indicating I'm not recovery quickly enough anymore.

**Squat:**

5 x Bar
5 x 155
3 x 175
2 x 195
5 x 220

Not too bad.  Knocked down volume to 1x5.  I want to get through my 240 plateau so, I think lowering the volume will help significantly with recovery times.  Hopefully, I won't lose too much strength in the meantime.

**Press:**

****5 x Bar
3 x 65
5 x 80

Felt pretty heavy.  I want to get to 115 lbs.  Also forced deload and knocked volume down to 1x5 on this lift.

**Deadlift:**

****5 x 185
3 x 205
2 x 225
5 x 240

Back was pretty stiff and sore after picking up weights after top work weight.  My Inzer 10mm Lever Belt came in today.  I think I'll start using it next week, but some breaking into it is needed.  I've got the setting for it to be fairly tight.

**Accessories:**

4/3/2.5 x BW Pull-ups - Really difficult, my biceps were pretty sore still from boxing.

3 x 45 sec. Prone bridge - Second set was a doozy, abs were burning all over the place.
