---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-09-06 14:01:45+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-14-day-41b
title: Week 14 - Day 41B
wordpress_id: 308
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- deadlift
- press
- squat
- stall
- weight
---

Squats were unusually difficult today.  I got stuck in the hole twice on the last rep of each set.  Presses were also pretty difficult.  Missed my last rep on the 4th and 5th sets.  Was feeling it more in my right arm again.  Deadlift is really heavy, but managed to crank out the 5 reps.  I'm still fairly weak on my pull-ups.

Bodyweight:  178.8

Body Fat:  22%

It's been a while since I've taken measurements, but seems as though I'm pretty much floating around the 178 - 180 lb area with quite a bit of pudge around the mid section.  I'm going to continue my current caloric intake amount and the routine for now.  I'm not sure if my body can take it, but I'd like to see if I can reach 185 at around the same body fat within the next 3 months.  My weight gain has certainly plateaued for a good month now and I'm fairly satisfied with the strength gains.  I feel like I'm stronger than I've ever been before.  I've been itching to start some boxing to improve my speed and agility and improve my cardio stamina.  I think this would be a great way to lean out.  Of course to ACTUALLY lose the pudge, I'd have to ease up on the calorie intake a bit.  Cutting it down to one yogurt instead of 2 a day should help a bit.

**Warm-ups:**

2 x 10 Shoulder dislocations

2 x 15 sec. Doorway pec stretch

2 x 10 Leg swings

2 x 20 sec. static Squat stretch

**Squats:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 135

3 x 165

3 x 5 x 195

**Press:**

5 x Bar

3 x 65

5/5/5/4/4 x 87.5

**Deadlift:**

5 x 175

3 x 205

2 x 235

5 x 265

**Accessory:**

3/2/1.5 x BW Pull-ups

3 x 10 x 17.5 lbs Reverse crunches
