---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-09-06 14:31:07+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-15-day-42a
title: Week 15 - Day 42A
wordpress_id: 311
categories:
- A
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- bench
- rows
- squat
- technique
---

Pretty quick work out today, Labor Day Monday, no work!.  I think I should be carrying out my sessions in this manner.  Most of my workouts have been taking almost an hour and a half.  Of course, I also include my warm-up and warm-downs and accessories in the time, but I think I should only be taking the maximum of one hour.  I've read that the optimal amount of time for working out is roughly 40 minutes.  So, right there, I'm already working out more than twice the amount of time.

Squats are getting somewhat heavy again, I'm getting stuck in the hole for longer periods of time.  I find myself questioning my form again now that the weight is going up again.  I feel like to compensate for the heavier weight, I'm setting my stance to a much wider width.  I'm also feeling like I'm leaning forward a bit more instead of maintaining an upright torso.  Bench press went extremely well today albeit only doing 3 sets.  While rep'ing out on the second set, I had a "technique epiphany".  Basically, I had a mid rep realization where my body suddenly adjusted itself into the most optimal form and I was able to rep out the weight very easily.  I was no longer feeling like my right arm and lats were doing the bulk of the work.  The quick change I made was to set my elbows underneath my wrists.  Now, after some brief search online, it seems as though I may actually be "flaring" my elbows which is not ideal.  The problem with my previous bench form was that I was attempting to tuck my elbows with a very wide grip.

**Warm-up:**

1 x 10 shoulder dislocations

1 x 10 hip mobility stretch

1 x 10 leg swings

**Squat:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 135

3 x 155

2 x 175

3 x 5 x 200

**Bench:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 75

3 x 95

2 x 115

3 x 5 x 135

**Rows:**

5 x 115

3 x 135

3 x 5 x 155
