---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-10-10 17:51:48+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-20-sl5x5-57b-fl-8
title: Week 20 - SL5x5.57B / FL.8
wordpress_id: 410
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 3x5
- deadlift
- press
- squat
---

Weight:  178.6

**Squats:**

5 x Bar
5 x 135
3 x 165
2 x 195
3 x 5 x 225

Warm-up sets up to the work set were noticeably easier than previous days.  I can probably attribute this change to my increase in caloric intake again.  More cals = more energy?  The last work set was definitely hard as hell.

**Press:**

****5 x Bar
3 x 55
2 x 65
3 x 5 x 80

Presses were pretty easy.  I rushed into the 2nd workset leaving my traps and shoulders a bit burnt out (felt the lactic acid build up).  I waited and made sure to get ample rest before my last set to make sure I banged out all 5 reps.  Barely finished, I think I may have cheated my self and flared my elbows out instead of keeping them perpendicular to my body.

**Deadlifts:**

****5 x 175
3 x 205
2 x 235
5 x 265

Deadlifts were pretty easy.  Noticed that I would reduce significant strain on the back if I tightened it before lifting.  This would seem like a no brainer, but there have plenty of times where I pulled without making sure my chest was up thereby rounding my back.  This happened mainly once I got heavier.

**Food Log**

**Meal #1 - 8:30 AM
**1/2 cup thick rolled oats + 12 oz. 2% milk /w 1 scoop whey protein

**Meal #2 - 11:05 AM
**Peanut butter sandwich

**Meal #3 - 1:00 PM
**Ham and pastrami sandwich /w 3 bacon strips + 18 oz. 2% milk

**Meal #4 - 3:30 PM
**Half plate rice + pork adobo

**Meal #5 - 7:00 PM
**Half plate rice + 1 can sardines in pure olive oil

**Meal #6 - 10:30 PM
**16 oz. 2% milk + 2 scoop whey protein

**Meal #7 - 11:15 PM
**Plate rice + 18 medium shrimp + 24 oz. 2% milk
