---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-08-02 04:08:42+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-10-day-1b
title: Week 10 - Day 28B
wordpress_id: 185
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- deadlift
- pain
- press
- reverse crunches
- squat
- stall
- technique
---

Stalled on the 4th and 5th sets of the workset on squats.  Lower back was hurting like a mother after the workset, couldn't stand for prolonged periods, had to sit down for the pain to subside.  After a while of resting, the pain disappeared completely.  Press was significantly easier than before.  I think it's finally catching up to, albeit taking 10 entire weeks.   It's somewhat disappointing the fact that I'm not even in the triple digits and it's the 10th week pressing.  Deadlift was relatively easy- no back pain at all.  Alternating grip for the workset and the warm-up right before.  Noticed today that my arms weren't perpendicular to the ground when pulling on the deadlift.  This helped a bit with the lift.  3 step cue on the pull:  legs straight and line-up bar over middle of foot, touch shins to the bar, lift chest-up and sit back making sure back is straight and not rounded.  I also did 3 sets of reverse crunches using a 20lb counterweight.  I did this once before and thought it was somewhat of a silly thing because I didn't feel anything in my abs.  Today, I felt the burn.  No swinging and controlled crunch.

**Warm-ups:**

3 x 10 Shoulder dislocations

3 x 15 sec. Doorway pec stretch

3 x 10 Leg swings

3 x 30 sec. static Squat stretch

3 x 30 sec. glute activation

**Squats:**

2 x 5 x Bar

7 x 135

5 x 155

3 x 175

2 x 195

5/5/5/3/3 x 220

**Press:**

5 x 40

3 x 50

2 x 60

5 x 5 x 77.5

**Deadlift:**

7 x 155

5 x 175

3 x 195

2 x 215

5 x 245

**Accessory:**

3 x 10 x 20lbs Reverse Crunch
