---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-08-11 04:26:01+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-11-day-2b
title: Week 11 - Day 32B
wordpress_id: 205
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- deadlift
- press
- prone bridge
- pullups
- squat
- technique
---

I decided to do high bar squats today.  I found an article mentioning how high bar/narrow stance is more suited to long legs/short torso anthropometry.  It definitely helped with less lower back pain as I wasn't excessively leaning forward and doing a good morning.  Nonetheless, it was much much harder than the low bar squat.  My excessive leaning (doing good mornings) is definitely compensating for the heavy weight.

I noticed on the Press that I was also using my right arm much more than my left arm.  I also noticed that my left elbow was flaring out a lot when I pressed, essentially cheating the lift.  I corrected this and made sure I was using my shoulder and not my triceps by tucking my elbows and making sure my elbow didn't flare out.

Of all the lifts, I have yet to stall on the Deadlift.  Can't wait until I pull 3 plates.

Pull-ups are still pretty hard.  Since I did reverse crunches last workout, I decided to do prone bridges today; they were extremely hard, especially the last set.  I wish I had been doing them since I started, I think strengthening my core with the core exercises (reverse crunch and bridges, for now) will help with the 3 big lifts tremendously.

**Warm-ups:**

3 x 10 Shoulder dislocations

3 x 15 sec. Doorway pec stretch

2 x 10 Leg swings

2 x 20 sec. static Squat stretch

**Squats:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 95 (High Bar)

5 x 135 (High Bar)

3 x 185 (High Bar)

2 x 205 (High Bar)

5/4/4 x 225 (1 set High Bar, 2 sets Low Bar)

**Press:**

2 x 5 x Bar

3 x 65

5 x 5 x 80

**Deadlift:**

5 x 165

3 x 185

2 x 205

1 x 225

5 x 250

**Accessory:**

4/2/1 x BW Pull-ups

3 x 30 sec. Prone Bridges
