---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-08-09 15:47:24+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-11-day-1a
title: Week 11 - Day 31A
wordpress_id: 199
categories:
- A
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- bench
- dips
- good workout
- pain
- reverse crunches
- rows
- squat
---

Starting this week and forward, I've decided to lower the volume from 5x5 to 3x5 on the Squat.  Generally, on the SL5x5, I would go until I deloaded twice on the Squat before I dropped the volume, but I find that my extreme exhaustion and the longer amount of time spent resting is hindering my ability to move ahead on the program as a whole.  Ideally, I want to complete a workout within the hour max.  Lately, I've been spending more than 1.5 to nearly 2 hours.  This is inefficient and only detrimental to me making further progress.

Squats felt very heavy.  I think part of the heavy feeling can be attributed to my switch to 3x5, mainly being a mental psyche out to myself.  Dropping the sets made me think that Squatting will be easier.  I managed to finish the set, but I felt some lower back pain after my last set.

Last set of bench press surprised me quite a bit.  Up until now, I've been struggling a fair amount with the lift.  One thing that I changed between my bench now and my bench in the past- powerlifting arch.  I was getting extremely frustrated, so I decided to go back to my powerlifting arch setup that I used before that I had great success with (PR of 3x155, highest I've ever gotten on the bench).  The last set was a joke when I arched.  I definitely felt my upper back being utilized more and it helped with my balancing issue, overloading my right arm.  The reduced squat volume may also have helped with muscle endurance.

Rows were difficult.  I missed doing the lift in the past 2 workouts.  I found myself jerking and becoming more upright on the last couple of reps.  I still haven't decided if I should stay at 135 at improve form or move on.  I also didn't do warm-up sets which was probably not my brightest of ideas.

Dips were much easier and I managed to bang out many more reps compared to last A session.  Reverse crunches were fairly difficult on the last set.  I think I will begin to incorporate some interval training cardio post workout.  A brief 15 min. HIIT on the tread or better yet, outside while the weather is still nice should do the trick.

**Warmups:**

3 x 10 Shoulder dislocations

3 x 10 sec. Doorway pec stretch

3 x 10 Leg swings

3 x 20 sec.  static Squat stretch

**Squats:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 135

3 x 185

2 x 205

3 x 5 x 230

**Row:**

5 x 5 x 135

**Bench:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 65

3 x 85

2 x 105

5 x 5 x 120

**Accessory:**

_Dips:_

9/6/5 x BW

_Reverse Crunches:_

3 x 10 x 20lbs
