---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-07-03 19:28:05+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-6-day-1b
title: Week 6 - Day 16B
wordpress_id: 120
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- deadlift
- deload
- press
- squat
- stall
- technique
---

July 4th weekend, no gym on Monday so I decided to go today to get my Week 6 started.  Squats were done fairly well.  I noticed that instead of looking up (which exaggerated my lower lordotic arch), looking down and keeping my spine neutral with little lordotic arch helped ease the strain on my lower lumbar region.  Of course, this execution of the lift results in my back being a bit more horizontal than one would like (aka doing somewhat of a good morning).  I think this trade-off is worth it to avoid injuring my lower back.

Press...press...press... I stalled for the 3rd time today.  My forearms and shoulders just can't handle the amount of fatigue they go through.  Doing squat walkouts after the squats are probably not helping my muscle endurance right before pressing.  My traps and shoulders are really tired after squats and squat walkouts.

Deadlifts were pretty heavy today.  I accidentally let go of a little tension on my 4th rep- I felt that one.  I switched to alternating grip for the last rep as my grip was failing.  I think I'm going to start using chalk on the next B session.

**Warmups:**

3 x 10 Shoulder dislocations

3 x 10 sec. Doorway pec stretch

3 x 10 Leg swings

3 x 30 sec.  static Squat stretch

**Squats:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 120

3 x 145

5 x 5 x 170

**Walkouts:**

10 sec. x 220

10 sec. x 240

**Press:**

2 x 5 x Bar

3 x 65

5/5/5/4/4 x 75

**Deadlift:**

1 x 5 x 195

**Warmdown:**

2 x 15 sec. warrior lunge + twist

2 x 15 sec. butterfly

Foam rolled legs, upper back, lats
