---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-07-09 00:55:15+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-6-day-3b
title: Week 6 - Day 18B
wordpress_id: 130
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- deadlift
- goals
- good workout
- press
- squat
- weight
---

Over all a very good workout.  No pain in lower back when doing the squats.  I focused a lot on form for the press and made sure I was pressing straight up and not forward and up.  Deadlifts were fairly easy.  Used chalk on my workset and the lift felt like a breeze- had no grip failure.

After 2 more weeks, I'm sitting steady at around 170-172 lbs.  I'm fairly happy with this, but my body fat percentage shot up and I can feel most of it around my mid section.  I'll have to ease up a bit on the carb intake, I think this may be the reason why I have excess fat gain.  My thighs are considerably thicker and larger than when I first started.  Even my loose pants are slightly tight fitting.  My goal for the next 2 weeks is to try and get up to 175 lbs and stay under 20% body fat.  I'm getting to the point where I no longer don't really know what to expect workout to workout.  The lifts are getting considerably heavy.  I've never done this much volume at this amount of weight for any of my lifts except for Deadlifts.  I will be very pleased if I can reach 225 lb squat without a deload.

**Bodyweight:  **171.5 lbs

**Body Fat:  **20%

**Warmups:**

3 x 10 Shoulder dislocations

3 x 10 sec. Doorway pec stretch

3 x 10 Leg swings

3 x 30 sec.  static Squat stretch

**Squats:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 120

3 x 140

2 x 160

5 x 5 x 180

**Walkouts:**

10 sec. x 230

10 sec. x 250

**Press:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 5 x 65

**Deadlift:**

5 x 145

3 x 165

2 x 185

5 x 205

**Warmdown:**

1 x 15 sec. warrior lunge + twist

1 x 15 sec. butterfly

Foam roll


