---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-10-18 16:25:41+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-21-day-60a
title: Week 21 - Day 60A
wordpress_id: 434
categories:
- A
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 3x5
- bench
- dips
- good workout
- HIIT
- PL arch
- prone bridge
- rows
- squat
- stall
---

**Squats:**

5 x Bar
5 x 145
3 x 175
2 x 205
3 x 5 x 240

Squats were pretty difficult in the end.   I felt very comfortable with the warm-up sets and my form felt very tight on the work sets.  Even though I finished all three sets, I think I'm going to stay on the same weight.  I leaned forward quite a bit on the last rep of the last set and did a good morning, so I definitely want to make sure I don't go heavier without making sure my form is up to par.

**Bench:**

****5 x Bar
5 x 85
3 x 105
2 x 125
4/4/3 x 155

Bench felt heavy.  Keeping the weight stable definitely added another dimension to the lift.  PL arch definitely helped with stabilizing the press.  Squeezing the bar also helped a lot.  I was much more conservative because I was a bit wary of not being able to finish and having the bar end up on my chest.

**Rows:**

5 x 95
3 x 115
2 x 135
3 x 5 x 150

Rows were pretty easy, but I think I'm beginning to jerk again.  It's much, much easier to cheat on this lift so I think I'm going to want to definitely get ample rest between work sets and make sure there is minimal hip movement.

**Accessories:**

16/7/6 x BW Dips - The conservative benching I had today definitely gave me a boost on the dips.  But with that in mind, I think I'm going to start performing weighted dips, starting with 5 lbs next workout and going up by 2.5 lb increments.

3 x 45 sec. Plank - These were so so.  I noticed that my core would droop as the fatigue set in.  I made sure to keep a rigid body and avoid doing this.  It helped engage my core much more and put less strain on the lower back.

4/7/4/8 + 4/7 - Added another half round of 4/7 because I still had plenty of gas left.  My stamina was surprisingly lengthier than usual.
