---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-11-10 15:31:49+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-24-day-67b
title: Week 24 - Day 67B
wordpress_id: 483
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 3x5
- boxing
- deadlift
- press
- pullups
- squat
- technique
---

**Squats:**

2 x 5 x Bar
5 x 155
3 x 175
2 x 195
3 x 5 x 210

Minor lower left back pain.  Felt a bit heavier today.  May not have recovered as well as I wanted to.  I should probably stretch out my legs on recovery days to get some more blood flowing and to increase recovery time.  I was pretty tired during the workout as well though, so my energy levels were probably pretty low.

**Press:**

****5 x Bar
3 x 55
2 x 65
3 x 5 x 75

**Narrowed my grip** from the usual.  Made sure the bar weight wasn't resting on my palms to avoid stress on the wrists.  This raised the bar up to my chin.  I also noticed that my left wrist was buckling on the positive press.  The mental cue I was using to avoid this was to **imagine I was trying to snap the bar in half upwards**.  I also tried to **roll my wrists forward** and have the weight go forwards up then back instead of up then back.  Without going forward, I noticed that my wrists will have to buckle.

**Deadlift:**

****5 x 155
3 x 175
2 x 195
5 x 215

These were very easy.  I was going for speed and explosiveness on each rep.  My grip \got messed up on the last rep and so I was unable to lock out the weight for as long as I wanted to.

**Accessories:**

4 x BW x Pull-ups - Guy was taking forever on the pull-up bar.  Only did 4 reps on the first set, I felt like I could've gone for 5.

2 x 4min. punching bag - I played one song for each round.  Worked on my left hook.  I think I'm still raising my shoulder when I hook.  After the 2 rounds, I was pretty spent.  Worked on lower body and head shot hooks.
