---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-08-04 19:24:23+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-10-day-2a
title: Week 10 - Day 29A
wordpress_id: 192
categories:
- A
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- bench
- dips
- squat
- stall
---

Got off work pretty late.  Made it to the gym with less than an hour to workout (including warm-up time).   I had to cut out quite a bit of warm-up and I also had about 8 minutes wait time for a guy to finish on the squat rack.  I also cut out some warm-up sets from squats and all I can say is dayyyyuuuuuuuumm.  Managed to crank out all reps on every set and I only really had trouble on the last 2 reps of the last set.  What worries me about my current Squat technique is if I'm reaching parallel or not.  My lower back is definitely arching quite a bit and I can feel it arching.  I've made the mistake of going too low before and hyper-extending my back into a hyperlordotic position which puts a lot of strain on my lower back.  I'll definitely have to bring my camera to check my form out.  I'm fairly excited for next workout- 225 Squat.

Bench is again, utter disappoint.  The lift felt very unstable and inconsistent on my 4th and 5th sets.  I can't tell if I'm shifting the bar to the right or not, but as with my previous bench workouts, my right arm ends up being very fatigued while my left arm feels like it's done no work.  I definitely don't think I have a muscle imbalance and it's simply a matter of poor technique.  One thing I noticed at home was that my right lat engages very easily when I tighten my right arm while my left lats don't react at all when I try to flex my left arm.  I'm going to try the other bench next A workout, but this really needs to get fixed.  I've never had this problem before, I'm not sure why it's happening now.  One theory I had about the lack of left side engagement during bench was that my body was too fatigued after the squat session.  Next week I plan on lowering the volume on my Squats to 3x5 to conserve some energy and see if that helps with my bench endurance.

Sadly, I, again, had no time to perform my rows.  This is now the second time I've managed to skip out on doing them.

**Warmups:**

1 x 10 Shoulder dislocations

1 x 10 sec. Doorway pec stretch

1 x 10 Leg swings

1 x 30 sec.  static Squat stretch

**Squats:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 185

3 x 205

5 x 5 x 220

**Bench:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 65

3 x 85

2 x 105

5/5/5/2/4.5 x 120

**Dips:**

5/3/1.5 x BW
