---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-07-14 02:52:45+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-7-day-2b
title: Week 7 - Day 20B
wordpress_id: 135
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- deadlift
- press
- squat
---

Pretty good workout.  I didn't feel groggy leaving the gym.  Squats were awesome, no pain in the lower back.  Squat walkouts are considerably easier, I think my upper back has gotten quite a bit stronger from all the pulling and squeezing from all the lifts.

Triceps were burning like hell after the 3rd set of presses and I'm only at 67.5 lbs!  I used my fractional plates and I got a few smirks from the guys around me.

Deadlifts were pretty heavy.  I made sure that I rested plenty for the workset.  I warmed up properly and didn't use any chalk or alternate my grip.  One of the gym staff members was walking around so I couldn't use my chalk.  For $99 a month, you'd think I'd at least get to use chalk.



**Warmups:**

3 x 10 Shoulder dislocations

3 x 10 sec. Doorway pec stretch

2 x 10 Leg swings

3 x 30 sec.  static Squat stretch

**Squats:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 135

3 x 155

2 x 175

5 x 5 x 190

**Walkouts:**

10 sec. x 240

10 sec. x 260

**Press:**

2 x 5 x Bar

5 x 5 x 67.5

**Deadlift:**

5 x 135

5 x 155

3 x 175

2 x 195

5 x 215

**Warmdown:**

1 x 15 sec. warrior lunge + twist

1 x 15 sec. butterfly

Pretty good workout.  I didn't feel groggy leaving the gym.  Squats were awesome, no pain in the lower back.  Squat walkouts are considerably easier, I think my upper back has gotten quite a bit stronger from all the pulling and squeezing from all the lifts.

Triceps were burning like hell after the 3rd set of presses and I'm only at 67.5 lbs!  I used my fractional plates and I got a few smirks from the guys around me.

Deadlifts were pretty heavy.  I made sure that I rested plenty for the workset.  I warmed up properly and didn't use any chalk or alternate my grip.  One of the gym staff members was walking around so I couldn't use my chalk.  For $99 a month, you'd think I'd at least get to use chalk.
