---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-10-06 17:09:25+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-19-sl5x5-55b-fl-6
title: Week 19 - SL5x5.55B / FL.6
wordpress_id: 399
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 3x5
- 5x5
- deadlift
- force deload
- HIIT
- press
- squat
- stall
---

I ate an hour earlier and the pre-seasoned chicken I ate was extremely salty.  To top that off, I forgot to bring my nalgene water bottle.  I was pretty thirsty the entire time.  I don't think the extra salt I ate helped me much, but my diet has been pretty crappy lately to begin with.

**Squats:
**5 x 45
5 x 135
3 x 155
2 x 175
1 x 195
5/4/3 x 220

Pointed my toes outwards at roughly 30 degrees.  My left knee felt weird.  I think my wide stance combined with deteriorating lifting form is causing my knees to buckle inwards while my toes are pointed outwards causing a twisting effect on my knees.  I'll have to make sure to **shove my knees out** and keep them shoved out to avoid this problem and to really improve upon my squat form.

**Press:**
5 x 45
3 x 55
2 x 65
3 x 5 x 77.5

Presses were pretty good.  I definitely know that when I hit my sticking point, it becomes extremely difficult for me to get past it if I'm fatigued.  If anything, I'd say that the two most developed muscle areas I have are my shoulders and legs, both from heavy squatting.  While I may not be pressing much, I know I'm doing a good amount of work on my shoulders when squatting.  I noticed that the reps were much easier when bouncing from the bottom.  If all I wanted to do was to lift my more weight I think I would continue utilizing this technique, but I think it would behoove me (Rippetoe's word)  to **control my press from the bottom to allow for more muscle recruitment from the lats**.

**Deadlifts:**

5 x 175
3 x 205
2 x 235
5 x 260
**
**I forced a deload on myself today.  My deadlift is pretty solid, but I've been feeling pretty crappy lately and I didn't want to risk injuring myself going for 290 again.  Looking back on this in the future, I'll probably think it was a silly mistake, but I have to listen to my body.  I was approached today by a personal trainer complimenting on seeing others doing deadlifts in the gym (the gym is a casual family gym; there aren't too many heavy lifters around).  He suggested I try the sumo style deadlift.  I tried it for one rep on my top set and it was remarkably easier, but I already knew it would be easier.  For powerlifting it's nice, but there's definitely less involvement of the back.

**Accessories:
**HIIT - 7/4/8/4/7, 1 min. sprint, 1.5min. rest

**Food Log**

**Meal #1a - 9:15 AM
**16 oz. 2% milk + 1 scoop whey protein

**Meal #1b - 10:30 AM
**1/2 cup thick rolled oats

**Meal #2 - 1:08 PM
**Plate rice + 4 oz. beef + 6 oz. whole milk

**Meal #3 - 7:30 PM
**Half plate rice + 2 chicken drum sticks (salty) + 3 whole egg

**Meal #4 - 11:30 PM
**Half plate rice + 1 chicken drum stick
