---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-06-30 02:04:31+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-5-day-2b
title: Week 5 - Day 14B
wordpress_id: 114
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- deadlift
- good workout
- press
- squat
- stall
- stretches
- technique
---

Felt a bit groggy today.  Half cup of coffee picked me up a tad.  Squats were 10 times better than last work out.  Virtually no pain.  Some mental notes I took to try and replicate this again:



	
  1. Did not look at the mirror.  Surprisingly, this kept my core a lot more rigid.

	
  2. Tried to make sure that the bar was over my toes and I wasn't leaning over to avoid putting stress on my lower back

	
  3. Pushed straight up, thinking about splitting the floor apart and engaging my hamstrings when I was coming out of the hole

	
  4. Controlled descent.


Walkouts are getting pretty heavy.  I feel as though tiptoe-ing the weight back onto the rack is a terrible idea and could possible injure my calves and or foot arch muscles (??)

Press was disappointing to say the least.  I managed to complete the first 2 sets, but buckled on the last 3.  I feel like my right arm is compensating for a weak left.  I read somewhere that performing dips helps with improving strength on the press.  I think I'll wait until I deload once or maybe twice, if I happen to get there soon, before I start adding some accessories.  It's a bit strange that I'm having such a hard time with this lift.  I was lifting up to 95 lbs before my 5 week break.

Deadlift was pretty easy still.  I blundered on the last rep and lost a bit of focus.  Definitely felt it in the lower back.  But other than that, the lift is still pretty easy.  One or two more weeks and I'll most likely be resorting to alternate grip.

**Warmups:**

2 x 10 Shoulder dislocations

3 x 10 Leg swings

3 x 30 sec.  static Squat stretch

**Squats:**

5 x Bar

3 x 115

2 x 135

5 x 5 x 160

**Walkouts:**

2 x 10 sec.  x 250

**Press:**

5 x Bar

3 x 60

5/5/4/4/3 x 75

**Deadlift**

5 x 185

**Warmdown:**

2 x 15 sec. warrior lunge + twist

2 x 15 sec. butterfly

Foam rolled legs, upper back, lats


