---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2011-09-20 02:44:27+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-17-day-48a
title: Week 17 - Day 48A
wordpress_id: 333
categories:
- A
- StrongLifts
tags:
- 5x5
- bench
- dips
- PL arch
- prone bridge
- rows
- squat
- stall
- technique
---

Pretty good workout, long, but good.  Squats were pretty damn hard, stalled pretty hard on them today despite the fact I knocked 3x5 out last A session.  I was wearing my shoes throughout the sets so this may have attributed to me stalling.  There's quite a bit of cushioning in the shoes so I may have lost a lot of power transfer on the positive.  This hard stall was offset with a surprisingly easy 5x5 bench.  I engaged my powerlifter arch before each workset.  I noticed that I could more easily distribute the weight across my upper back when I pushed through the ground with my feet.  The bar was lowered a bit higher on my chest than usual so I was most likely flaring my elbows more than usual.  There was no unusual balancing I encountered, I felt as though both my arms were working equally and my chest being engaged more.  Rows were difficult until I adjusted my technique.  I noticed that when I pulled up that I pulled the bar at an angle.  Instead of doing this, I moved my torso more over the bar so I can pull straight up into my chest.  This helped a lot with the heavy weight.  My dips are getting stronger.  I should have rested a bit more after the first set, I still felt the fatigue from the first set on the second set.  I think once I can reach 15-20 reps on the first set, I will go ahead and move on to weighted dips.  Planks were still relatively difficult.  I think progression on this workout will be a bit slower than the reverse crunches.

**Squats:**

****2 x 5 x Bar
5 x 175
3 x 195
2 x 215
5/3/3 x  230

**Bench:**

2 x 5 x Bar
5 x 75
3 x 95
2 x 115
5 x 5 x 140

**Rows:**

5 x 95
3 x 115
2 x 135
5 x 5 x 160

**Accessories:**** **

12/5/7 x BW Dips
3 x 45 sec. Plank
