---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-03-30 14:51:04+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-1-531-day-3
title: Week 1 - 5/3/1 - Day 3
wordpress_id: 729
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Bench Day
tags:
- agile 8
- barbell curls
- bench
- db rows
- face pull
- press
- treadmill
- tricep pushdown
---

**Cycle #1**

**Treadmill 5min. walk + Agile 8  **Managed to work up a sweat again.  The tennis ball butt rolling felt a bit more painful today.  I felt especially tight the first time I did the Agile 8 the previous workout, especially on the mountain climbers and groiners, but, already, today, I'm feeling a bit looser.

**Bench Press:**  5xBar, 5x75, 5x85 + 5x100, 5x115, 5x135

Not bad, I felt a bit weak though.  I think I need to do some CNS exercises on my upper body before heading into the exercises.  I felt like my muscles hadn't "woken up" yet by the time I was pressing the 3rd set.

**Boring But Big 50%**

**Press:  **5x10x50 +** DB Row:  **5x10x35** **

I was really spent after the second set, but I realized I wasn't resting enough between sets.  The superset definitely became much easier when I allotted a few extra minutes to resting.  But, on the contrary, I really shouldn't be exerting much effort on these.  I think I might lower the poundage on the DB Row or rest more.

**Curls: ** 3x10x40 +** Tricep pushdown: ** 3x10x30 +** Face pull:  **3x10x20

The curls got me gassed fairly quickly, but, again, I rested more between sets and managed to have an easier time.  I still might lower the curl weight; I really don't want to be drained by the end of the workout from doing assistance work.  I think doing so would only hinder my performance the following workout day, especially if it's a back-to-back.

Treadmill 1mile walk

Incorporating these after each workout as a way for me to warm down.
