---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-05-23 16:43:18+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-7-531-day-25-2
title: Week 9 - 5/3/1 - Day 32
wordpress_id: 850
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Deadlift Day
tags:
- ab wheel
- agile 8
- deadlift
- defranco's
- squat
---

**Cycle #3**

Made a mistake and did week 3 weights at 3x5.  Pretty sure I almost tore my left arm off.  I anticipated squats to be fairly difficult and so I used my Inzer lever belt.  I managed to only do 5 reps on each set before gassing out.

**Deadlift:**  5x115, 5x140, 3x175 + 5x200, 5x240, 3x275

Very heavy.  Shins took a beating.  Used alternating grip on 2nd and 3rd set.  Left shoulder socket felt like it almost separated from my body at one point.

**Boring But Big 70%**

**Squat**: 3x135, 3x165, 1x185 + 5x5x200

These didn't get me breathing heavy, but they were difficult and I couldn't get to 10 reps on each set.  Had I actually tried to go the distance on each set, I'd probably have taken a much harder beating.  I also tried something different and instead of lifting my elbows, I tried to keep them underneath the bar close to perpendicular to the ground.  I felt my shoulder blades squeeze much harder.  There was less trap involvement because when I raised my elbow I would end up squeezing my traps really hard.  My torso also felt much more upright which was a relief because usually when the bar gets heavy I end up leaning over too much to the point where my torso is close to parallel with the ground making it very difficult to avoid doing a good morning on the way up.  Noticed that my right hand was buckling once fatigue started setting which put my wrist in an unfavorable position.  The loss of proper position in the right hand caused my biceps and lats to compensate for the compromised hand position.

**Ab Wheel**:  10/8/8

These were easier than I had expected at the time.  Little to no lower back pain.
