---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-04-03 03:38:16+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-2-531-day-5
title: Week 2 - 5/3/1 - Day 5
wordpress_id: 743
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Press Day
tags:
- agile 8
- barbell curls
- bench
- face pull
- lat pulldown
- press
- treadmill
- tricep pushdown
---

**Cycle #1**

**Treadmill walk 5min + Agile 8  **The glute piriformis tennis ball foam roll hit the spot on my left glute.  My legs were feeling especially tender today- really felt my muscle getting kneaded.

**Press:**  5x45, 5x55 + 3x65, 3x75, 3x85

Not bad, the lower volume made it fairly easy.  I'm thinking of using fractional plates, but...I think I'll wait and see how difficult this becomes in a few more cycles.  I didn't do much upper body stretching aside from 3x10 of shoulder dislocations.

**Boring But Big 50%**

**Bench Press**: 3x10xBar + 5x10x75

These felt much easier than the previous weeks.  I tried to look down towards my belly to see my arms in my peripheral view.  With this view, I was able to somewhat see where my upper arm was going.  I also wanted to make sure the bar was going down evenly and not favoring one arm over the other.  I used a thumbless grip as well.  The 3 empty bar sets, I think, helped my CNS get acclimated to where the bar needed to properly go.

**Lat Pulldown**:  3x10x35

Fairly easy.  I'm not exactly sure what proper technique and form for this lift is- I sort of just went by feeling.  I noticed I was lifting my chest towards the bar when I pulled down.  I also made sure to make contact to my chest with the bar each time.

**Curls**:  3x10x30 + ****Tricep** **pushdown**:  **3x10x30 + **Face pull:  **2x10x30

Right biceps felt like they were working harder than my left again.  I, then, was curious and decided to use a thumbless.  Immediately, I noticed that my right arm wasn't working as much.  Tricep pushdowns were pretty easy.  The face pulls were very easy, but it's hard to maintain balance with two feet.  I staggered my stance to prevent myself from being pulled forward when releasing the pull.

**Treadmill walk 1 mile @ 3.0 speed**
