---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-09-29 01:30:40+00:00
layout: post
slug: '1068'
title: Week 26 - 5/3/1 - Day 93
wordpress_id: 1068
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Deadlift Day
- Personal Records
tags:
- box jumps
- chin-ups
- deadlift
- foam roll
- leg swings
- PR
---

**Cycle #7
Week 1 Day 4**

**5/3/1 Deadlift:  **5x115, 5x135, 3x155 + 5x195, 5x225, **12x255 Rep PR**

Unfortunately lost my nice little notepad to jot my workout weights on and wifi wasn't working in the gym so I couldn't pull up my numbers from the spreadsheet stored on my Google drive.  Thinking now, I think I would have wanted to get to 15 reps on the 255.  I definitely think I could have, but my form would most likely have been pretty terrible at that point.  Nonetheless, I still managed to get a rep PR.  The last time I lifted 255 was during the 2nd week of the 3rd cycle.  And numbers shows that I only pulled for 4 reps!  Pretty drastic improvement.  This lift is definitely my favorite right now because of pulling for such high volume and the fact that I know I won't be stalling on it any time soon.

Aside from now incorporating high volume dips to get my shoulder strength and tricep strength up.  I'm also going to be incorporating more mid-section abdominal strengthening.  I found another nice article on overhead presses and specifically how to train the common weakpoints.  Also, the article mentioned performing bar hangs to help decompress the lumbar spine and increase my low back flexibility.  Sitting around for 8+ hours in the office, I think it'll be beneficial incorporating these into my warm-ups and cooldowns.

[http://www.bodybuilding.net/training-articles/improving-the-overhead-press-3112.html](http://www.bodybuilding.net/training-articles/improving-the-overhead-press-3112.html)
