---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-08-15 03:03:40+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-20-531-day-71
title: Week 20 - 5/3/1 - Day 71
wordpress_id: 989
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Deadlift Day
- Personal Records
tags:
- agile 8
- chin-ups
- deadlift
- good mornings
- hanging leg raise
- PR
- rows
- treadmill
---

**Cycle #5
Week 3 Day 2**

**Deadlift:  **5x135, 3x150, 1x190 + 5x225, 3x250, **10x275 Rep PR**

Deadlifts were significantly better today.  Extremely minimal lower back stress.  One thing I did differently was starting with a slightly more upright torso, but not dropping my butt too much.  Some reps almost looked like a straight legged deadlift.  Top set, I used chalk, belt and alternating (left palm down, right palm up).  Last 5 reps were grinders, but I cranked them out.  Looking back at the previous cycle and this one, I really think I've made some great gains on the lift.  Every top set, I've been shooting for at least 10 reps and I think this has made a vast improvement on my performance.  I said it before and I'll say it again.  Coming into a lift with a prescribed goal in mind really helps you mentally prepare for that lift and to achieve that goal, however daunting it may be.

**BB Assistance:**

4x10x24lb - Good Mornings:  Used a fairly light weight and used the foam wrapped bars to make it a bit more comfortable behind the neck.  I went lighter because I had to press the bar up and bring it behind my neck.  I've injured my shoulder before when I've done this so I wanted to avoid injuring it again.
6/4/2/2xBW - Chin-ups:  Did chin-ups the day before so my biceps may have been a bit more fatigued.  I wasn't pulling straight up either so I was exerting more energy than needed to pull myself up.
4x10x80 - Bent Over Rows:  Used the preset bars.  Haven't done these in a while and I do miss doing them a bit.  Form looked pretty good from glancing at a side mirror during a rep.
3x10xBW - Hanging Knee Raise:  Not bad at all.  A few grinders on the latter reps of the last set.

**Conditioning:**

1.5min. x 2.5spd warm-up 10% incline
3 x 1min. 5.0 spd sprints, 1min. 2.5spd rest
1 x 1min. 7.0 spd sprint, 1 min. rest, no incline
1 x 1min. 8.0 spd sprint, 1 min. rest, no incline
2.5spd remainder until 1.0 mile
