---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-09-28 04:28:37+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-26-531-day-92
title: Week 26 - 5/3/1 - Day 92
wordpress_id: 1066
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Bench Day
- Personal Records
tags:
- bench
- dips
- foam roll
- incline bench press
- PR
---

**Cycle #7
****Week 1 Day 3**

**Bench:  **3x5xBar, 5x75, 5x95, 3x115 + 5x135, 3x135, **7x160 Rep PR****
**

135s feel fairly light now.  Form was comfortable, no signs of tucking too much on the right side, etc.  Used a powerlifter arch on the top set.  First 5 reps were pretty solid.  6th was a semi grinder.  7th was all grind from halfway point up.  I tweaked my lower right back a bit when I was grinding it out.  Was scared that I may have given myself a hernia.  Need to make sure I drive my feet into the ground to avoid losing arch stability.

**Dips:  **15/7/6

Haven't done these in a long, long time.  Decided to start doing them again because of the significant amount of strength carry over to the bench AND the overhead press.  Made sure to look straight ahead when I was dipping.  Kept my body pretty straight instead of bending slightly at the hips.  My goal is to get my strength up to 4 sets of 20 reps.  It's my hope that once I reach this strength goal that my overhead pressing will have vastly improved from where I am right now.

**Incline Bench Press:**  5x10x65

Didn't really know where I was going with my workout.  I was thinking along the lines of following Boring But Big assistances, but I didn't want to be gassed by the time I got around to doing dips so I did those first.  Afterwards, I indulged a bit more and decided to do some light incline bench presses instead of regular flat bench.
