---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-05-21 16:37:03+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-9-531-day-31
title: Week 9 - 5/3/1 - Day 31
wordpress_id: 847
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Press Day
tags:
- barbell curls
- bench
- chin-ups
- defranco's
- face pull
- press
- tricep pushdown
---

**Cycle #3**

And cycle numero 3 starts.  This is also the third and last month of the 3-month challenge, therefore, my Boring But Big assistance exercises will bump up to 70% training max.  Definitely much more difficult.  Today was press day and so my assistance was the bench.  Also, today I decided that I'm going to try going to the gym in the morning versus coming home after work.  Usually I get to the gym before 8 and stay until 9:30 / 10:00 depending on how late I get there.

**Press:**  5x70, 5x80, 5x90

Getting pretty heavy.  It was a workout just getting the bars off the rack.  I didn't use a barbell and loaded plates since someone was in the squat rack so I decided to use the preset ones (what are these called??).  Hoodie probably didn't help with shoulder mobility when I was raising the bar over.  Lower back was getting sore for some reason- not sure if I'm arching too much.

**Boring But Big 70%**

**Bench Press**: 3x10xBar + 1010/8/7/6 x 115

So, again, my right tri's and lats were burning while my left tris and lats were practically unaffected.  I noticed that when I lower the bar, my right forearm wasn't going down perpendicular to the floor.  It seems as though I may be tucking too much on the right side while I have my elbows flared on the left.  This obviously causes a load imbalance and also loading of different muscles from each side.  I stood to correct this on the latter sets and tried to just avoid the tucking for now and try focus on making my form symmetric.

**Chinups**:  4/2/2/2/2

These felt heavy.  I'm not sure if the bench drained my ability to pull, but I definitely much heavier when chinning.

**Curls**:  3x10x30 + ****Tricep** **pushdown**:  **1x10x30, 2x10x35 + **Face pull: **3x10x25

I increased the weight on the tricep pushdowns, they're way too easy now and I wanted some more resistance.  I'm not sure how I feel about increasing the curls yet.  Unfortunately, I'm using the "preset" barbells and so I can't load 5 lbs on them easily.  And I also don't want to be the jackass curling a normal barbell inside a squat rack.  The face pull felt significantly better.  I used parallel foot stance instead of staggered and leaned back a little so my body was at an incline.  First off, this took out back involvement completely.  This helped quite a bit because before I would have lower back aches when doing these.  Second, instead of pulling upward at a slant, I, instead, pulled the rope straight to my face.  Felt the anterior delts getting worked good.
