---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-01-26 19:39:03+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-3-day-7b
title: Week 3 - Madcow5x5 - Day 7B
wordpress_id: 582
categories:
- Light Day
- Madcow5x5
tags:
- deadlift
- press
- squat
---

I had family over for dinner so I was a bit late to the gym, so I ended up having to rush the workout.  No situps or cardio post workout.  I had also eaten a bit before going to the gym so I was definitely feeling bloated.

**Squats:**

5 x 115
5 x 145
5 x 175
5 x 175

I've noticed that my workouts have been pretty exhausting, even on light days.  Last time I ran Madcow, I wasn't as fatigued by this week, but then I remembered that previously I had used Madcow, my 4th week PRS were considerably no where near what I'm doing now.

**Press:**

****5 x 55
5 x 65
5 x 75
5 x 80

Read somewhere that my grip width should be about 1-1.5" wider than my shoulders.  Definitely felt awkward, I normally tuck my elbows so from the mirror, my hand grip was wide but my forearms were at a 45 degree angle with my elbows tucked into my waist.  Definitely feeling heavy again.

**Deadlift:**

****5 x 145
5 x 175
5 x 205
5 x 230

Lightweight!  But, seriously, these weren't bad at all.  I used the hook grip on the 3rd set and alternating, left-right, supinate-pronate, grip.  On the lighter weights, I tried for pulling as hard as I can and as fast as I can.  But, what I notice when I do this is that I straighten my legs out too early, therefore leading my back to do the work on the second half of the positive.  This issue, more than anything, is most likely to do with problems coordinating full body sequential movements when exploding from the lift.  Much props to olympic lifters, moving hundreds of pounds in a blink of an eye.
