---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-07-03 04:26:53+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-15-531-day-55
title: Week 15 - 5/3/1 - Day 55
wordpress_id: 930
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Personal Records
- Press Day
tags:
- agile 8
- chin-ups
- defranco's
- power clean
- PR
- press
- treadmill
---

**Cycle #4**

Legs were still sore from Friday.  Warm-up foam rolling was extra painful, but very therapeutic. Cool-down foam rolling after the sprints was super painful, but I know my legs will thank me tomorrow.

**Press:  **5x50, 5x60, 3x70 + 5x85, 3x95, **4x105 Rep PR**

Little bro was using the squat rack for squatting so I just power cleaned another barbell for pressing.  I must say doing power cleans is definitely pretty awesome.  Not sure if I was doing them entirely right- it's such a technical lift.  This lift felt very strong and stable compared to how I used to press on heavier weights.  I'm very happy that I'm actually progressing on this lift now.  I'm setting my sights on that magical 135lb press.

**BBB **Press**:  **5x10x55

The last 3 reps of the 5th set burned my upper back and traps like no other.

**Chin-ups:  **5/4/4/3/3

I did these between the warm-up sets of the 5/3/1 press.

**Conditioning:**

1min. 2.5 spd warm-up
2 x 5.0spd / 3.0spd sprint-rest @ 10% incline, 1min:1min
2 x 7.0 spd sprint @ 0% incline, 1min.
1 x 8.0 spd sprint @ 0% incline, run until 1.0 mile reached

These were freakin' awesome to say the least.  This entire time, I've been doing incline treadmill interval sprints and I never really tested how it's affected my regular flat ground running ability.  First off, when you're accustomed to running at an incline and then switch back down to no incline, running feels like you're literally flying.  My legs felt lighter and I almost felt like I was falling forward with each step.  My legs were bounding so much that I actually felt like I needed to increase the speed in order to avoid running into the control panel and so I did.  I have never gotten to a point in my life where I can run so damn fast with such ease and precision until tonight.  Makes you wonder what professional runners like Usain Bolt must feel like when they're going all out on the track.
