---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2012-03-28 15:42:52+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-1-531-day-2
title: Week 1 - 5/3/1 - Day 2
wordpress_id: 724
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Deadlift Day
tags:
- ab wheel
- deadlift
- pain
- squat
- technique
---

**Cycle #1**

Today's workout was grueling.  I decided that since I just started a new routine and the weights are relatively light to what I've been working on that I would forgo using supplements until the lifts get a bit heavier.  I felt pretty exhausted by the end of the Boring But Big 5x10x135 squats.  I got lightheaded for the first time in a very very long time.  The squats themselves were easy, but I definitely don't think my body was acclimated

**Agile 8  **I was curious to see what type of dynamic stretching and/or warm-up I should be performing seeing as how I no longer squat at the beginning of every workout session.  Going straight into lifting deadlifts without proper warm-up or stretching, in my opinion, would be a very poor choice and prone to getting one injured.  I managed to find the "Agile 8" warm-up/stretch routine.  I was quite happy about performing the stretches- it's always fun to learn and do something new.  Managed to work up a good sweat doing the stretches.  The glute/piriformis myofacial release didn't seem to do much for me even though it's probably one of the more painful stretches of the eight.  The groiners were a pretty good way of gauging my flexibliity.

**Deadlift:**  5x190, 5x215, 5x245

Used alternating grip on the last set.  Weight is still relatively light, but it was a bit challenging.  Lower back was hurting a bit afterwards.

**Assistance:**

Squat: 5x10x135 - These were pretty brutal.  The actual lifting action wasn't bad at all.  I had good depth and squatted somewhat explosively from the hole.  However, after each set, I was very fatigued and out of breath.  These sets felt more like high intensity cardio if anything.  One thing I noticed that bothered me quite a bit was my l**ow-bar bar positioning**.  I had never noticed it before, but I think this may be why I'm having **slight muscle imbalances** in my upper back and arms.  After thinking about it for a while, I came to the realization that my left side wasn't being fully engaged in a low bar position.  It seems as though I continually shift the bar ever so slightly until the **bar ends up resting on my left trap** while my **right side** **is still somewhat engaged in the low bar position**.  This, of course, can also attribute to why I feel like my **torso is twisting **when I go down.  I think what I'm going to do for the next squat workout is to **lower the bar's starting pin height** so I can really dig the bar low on my upper back.  I need to make sure I focus on keeping the upper back tight to avoid having the bar shift up.

Ab Wheel:  10/6/5/5/5 - These are hard as hell.  In addition to having to keep a tight core, my arms ended up being worked pretty hard as well.
