---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2013-12-13 20:28:45+00:00
layout: post
slug: week6-day15b
title: Week6 - Day15B
wordpress_id: 1355
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- db fly
- deadlift
- leg swings
- preacher curls
- seated db curls
- shoulder shocker
- squat
- tricep extensions
- tricep rope pulldown
---

**Weight:  **178.0 lbs

Changing up the posting format...again!  The wall of text doesn't look very appealing to me when I flip back through my posts, so I'm going to break it up by exercises.

**Duration**:  11:03 - 12:07

**Squats:  **3x5xBar + 5x55 + 3x75 + 2x95 + 5x5x115

Squats were great today.  My shoulder cooperated a little bit better.  I made it a point to bang through the empty bar and warm-up ramp sets.  The warm-up sets should be done fairly quickly and the time between sets should only be time to increase weights and add/remove plates.  I think the shoulder was feeling much better since I moved the bar up a bit, pretty much high bar and resting on the traps.  Kept the elbows up to lock the bar in place, but it didn't feel great with the bar riding up towards the back of my neck.  I'll have to do some more shoulder mobility work, I need to get my low bar grip back!

**Seated Plate Raises:  **3x10x25
**Seated Lateral Raise:  **3x8x12
**Seated DB Shrug + Clean + Half Press:  **3x8x12

Shoulder shockers were definitely exhausting.  I managed to find 12lb dumbbells!  I used those to increase resistance a bit on the shoulder shockers, they were getting a bit easy.  Because of the nature of these exercises isolating smaller muscles and they're not really compound movements, I definitely understand getting fatigued a lot sooner.  I might try some empty bar overhead presses as warm-up next time.

**Deadlift:  **5x115 + 3x135 + 1x145 + 5×165

Man, do I love me deadlifts.  The pulls still felt pretty light.  Time to video record some of these pulls to ensure my form is on point!  Not looking for any herniated disks or sore lower backs.  I was trying to keep the bar on my shins as much as possible.  I leaned back a bit when pulling as if I was going to hurl the bar backwards over my head.  I feel like this helps me engage the hamstrings more and to avoid transferring the entire load onto my low back aka back rounding.

**Accessories:
**Preacher BB Curls 10x40
Preacher EZ Bar Curls 10x40
Seated DB Curls 10x25
Tricep Rope Pulldown 15x30
Tricep Extensions 15x35
DB Fly 10x15

Doing preacher curls using a regular straight barbell was definitely different.  Good different, in that it felt like it worked the biceps a bit more than using the EZ Bar.  Dumbbell flies were bothering my right anterior delts on the positive.  I'm going to lay off these or drop the weight on it.  Other than that, the arm isolations were good.
