---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2013-11-20 21:28:15+00:00
layout: post
slug: week3-day8b
title: Week3 - Day8B
wordpress_id: 1325
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- deadlift
- exhausted
- leg swings
- preacher curls
- shoulder shocker
- squat
- tricep pushdown
---

**Squats:  **3x5xBar + 3x65 + 5x5x75**
****Seated Plate Raises:  **3x10x25
**Seated Lateral Raise:  **3x10x10
**Seated DB Shrug + Clean + Half Press:  **3x10x10
**Deadlift:  **5x95 + 5×125

**Standing BB Curls:  **10x30**
Preacher EZ Bar Curls:  **10x40
**Tricep Pushdown:  **20x25 + 20x30

Tired.  I'm not sure if it's the lack of sleep or the workout, but I am pretty drowsy typing this right meow.  Didn't get home until 11:00pm last night and was up until 1:00am for a 6:00am wake-up.  Procrastinating to wash dirty dishes and cooking something up real quick for a very late dinner kept me up.  But, gotta keep chuggin' along.

Squats were interesting today.  I was trying to pay particular attention to my left knee.  Even when doing the static squat stretches, I felt like my left knee wasn't where it was supposed to be when I was in the hole.  Typical of people new to squatting is, once the weight gets heavy, their knees will buckle inwards because the body is trying to compensate by falling back on the quads.  I don't think I have this issue, although I _do_ think that my knee is not in line with my foot when I'm in the hole.  I've noticed this subtlety before when I was focused on form, but never really took any action on it.  A previous consultation from an orthopedic doctor evaluated my left knee as potentially having a partial meniscus tear.  My left knee has felt, for lack of a better word...strange for some time now and the tear may or may not be attributing to that feeling.  It's not a painful sensation, but rather a feeling of instability.  I don't consciously think about it, but I do feel that even something simple like walking sometimes doesn't feel normal.  Anyhow, picture taking is in order!  Must find out what's going on.  End rant on squats.

Shoulder shocker sets were preeeeetty brutal.  I don't know why they were so difficult today.  The first time I did the shoulder shocker routine, it was a breeze!  Deadlifts were pretty easy.  Weight is going up fast.  I forgot how aggressive SL is on the deadlift weight progression, but 10 lbs increase every workout is definitely adding up fast.  I'll be pulling with 45 plates next B day session, woot!

Finished off the session with some curling and tricep push downs.  I've heard both arguments of straight bar vs. EZ bar curling for optimal bicep isolation.  And so to cover all grounds, I did 1 set straight bar and 1 set EZ bar, no brainer there!  The 40lb preacher curls were grinders, but still finished them off.  By way of triceps isolation, I did two high (20) rep tricep pushdown sets, the first with 25lbs the second with 30lbs.   The second set was killer.  I need to find something else I could do in addition to the triceps pushdown.   Dips are the first thing that come to mind, but I'm not doing them until I'm confident with my shoulder so that's off the table.  In the past, I've also done overhead triceps extensions which did wonders for targeting the triceps, but anything overhead is a no no, so that's also off the table.  So, a little research is in store for shoulder friendly exercises to isolate the triceps.
