---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2013-12-16 22:18:32+00:00
layout: post
slug: week7-day16a-ego
title: Week7 - Day16A - Ego
wordpress_id: 1364
categories:
- A
- StrongLifts
tags:
- bench
- db bench press
- incline bench press
- incline db press
- preacher curls
- rows
- seated db curls
- squat
- standing bb curls
---

**Weight:  **??
**Duration:  **12:09pm - 1:47pm ~ 1:38 min.

That ego.  Trying to impress a non-existent audience.

**Squats:  **3x5xBar + 5x85 + 3x105 + 3x115 + 5x5x135

Jumped to 135 lbs, 45 lb plates.  These got me breathing nice and deep, especially the last 2 sets.  Tweaked the right shoulder a bit when getting in position, so one of the sets was done in a bit of pain.  The bar placement felt a bit unbalanced at times.  Felt like I was working my left upper back more than my right upper back.

**Bench:  **3x5xBar + 5x65 + 5x5x85

These felt a bit inconsistent.  Still benching with right dominance, right arm is burning more and working harder.  More specifically, my right triceps are failing sooner.  Moreover, my right anterior delts are not liking these pressing movements at all.  It's a bit bothersome.

Read into this article a bit to see if I could correct my technique:  [Bench Pressing Cues](http://evilcyber.com/fitness/bench-pressing-cues-for-shoulder-arm-dominant-trainees/)

**Rows:  **5x65** + **5x5x100

These felt heavier in the later sets of the work weight.  Read in an article when perusing about for bench technique aid that the negative (lowering the weight) shouldn't be just dropping the weight like in a deadlift.  The negative is just as important as the positive.  I'll have to take note of this the next time I pull some rows.

**Accessories:**


**Preacher **BB **Curls:  **10x40
**Incline DB Press:  **10x30
**Standing BB Curl:  **10x40
**Incline Bench Press:  **5x65 + 5x85
**Seated DB Curls:  **10x25
**DB Bench Press:  **10x30


Second set of incline bench press nearly failed on last rep.  Right triceps were already spent from right dominant benching and the dumbbell bench pressing.

Just double checked the weights I was supposed to do today and...looks like I jumped a week ahead.  Explains a lot of things!
