---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2013-04-02 12:49:14+00:00
layout: post
slug: week-46-531-day-142
title: Week 46 - 5/3/1 - Day 142
wordpress_id: 1255
categories:
- 5/3/1
- Press Day
tags:
- boring but big
- foam roll
- press
- treadmill
---

**Cycle #6
****Week 1 Day 1**

** 5/3/1 Press:**  5x70, 5x85, 5x95
**BBB Press:  **10/6/5/4/6 x 55
**Dips:  **6/5/4 reps
**Push-ups:  **10/6 reps
**Conditioning:  **15min. 2.5spd @ 5% incline

Spring cleaning.  Dusting off some cobwebs and dust from the training log.  Finally got in a workout after a long absence from the gym.  Pressing was difficult, but, unusually, got 5 reps of 95 up without much grinding.  I was definitely leaning back a bit, but, nonetheless, I got the weight up.  Boring But Big was a whole different animal.  Strength, I've retained a decent amount of.  Strength _endurance _on the other hand I've lost quite a bit of.  And BBB did not fail to highlight that.  Did some bodyweight exercises to get some more work in.  Finished up the session with some incline treadmill Texas ranger walkin'.

Next Friday, I will be having my shoulder arthroscopic surgery.  This means I won't be able to do any heavy lifting with the right arm for a number of weeks to months.  Recovery after the surgery is my utmost priority and so I will definitely be handling myself with care, making sure to avoid anything that would compromise the surgery done or prolong my recovery time.

With that said, looking ahead at the coming weeks and months, recovering and being away from the iron is going to suck tremendously.  While, I've been rather inconsistent the past month to two months, it definitely pains me to know that I'll pretty much be starting over again from scratch once I've fully recovered.
