---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2013-11-25 18:48:37+00:00
layout: post
slug: week4-day9b
title: Week4 - Day9B
wordpress_id: 1329
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- deadlift
- leg swings
- preacher curls
- shoulder shocker
- squat
- tricep pushdown
- tricep rope pulldown
---

**Squats:  **3x5xBar + 3x65 + 5x5x85**
****Seated Plate Raises:  **3x10x25
**Seated Lateral Raise:  **8x15 + 2x10x10
**Seated DB Shrug + Clean + Half Press:  **8x15 +** **2x10x10
**Deadlift:  **5x95 + 3x115 + 5×135

**Standing BB Curls:  **10x30**
Preacher EZ Bar Curls:  **10x40
**Standing DB Curls:  **10x20
**Tricep Pushdown:  **2x15x30
**Tricep Rope Pulldown:  **10x30

Day 9?  Thought it was day 10?  A nope.  Unfortunately, last Friday my company had its annual luncheon event spanning an unnecessary 5 hours from 12:30pm to 5:00pm.  I probably could have opted to go super early in the morning, but I most likely wouldn't have been able to get any work done since the day ended early at 12:30pm.  Stronglifts guidelines by Mehdi are pretty strict and I honestly do respect that.  Missing 1 workout right now, I think, will be ok and won't be affecting me much with the lighter weights.  Down the line, however, with my lifting history in mind, I know I have the tendency to start becoming inconsistent as I start failing on lifts a lot.  The combination of fatigue and disappointment are big players on discouraging me from wanting to lift at these later stages.  It's also at these limits that the chances of injuring myself is all the more possible.  Having the right state of mind and preparation for PR lifts is crucial to remaining injury free and getting through these walls.  In conclusion:  1) don't make missed workout sessions a habit, 2) easy days do not equal I-can-skip-it-day.

So, workout summary for today:  solid.  Left work earlier today, around 10:50, compared to the usual 11:45 departure.  I managed to swing back to work around 12:20 which was nice.  Did the usual leg swings, static squat stretches and right shoulder band work.  I'm thinking of upping the band resistance for one of the strengthening exercises (green to blue)- it's getting too easy.  The legs felt very loose today which was nice.  Still using high bar position.  Shoulder is getting better, will start narrowing grip and inching the bar position down lower from the traps down to the shoulder blades.  I'm starting to breath a little harder much sooner with the weights going up.  I'm going to full 30 second rests between sets now.  Shoulder shocker sets weren't too bad.  I think it felt ever so slightly easier today.  Someone was using the 10lb dumbbells so I was doing the lateral raises and shrug-clean-half-presses with a 10lb plate.  Deadlifts were pretty good, heaviness is getting there.
