---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2013-12-04 23:06:33+00:00
layout: post
slug: week5-day11b
title: Week5 - Day11B
wordpress_id: 1338
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- deadlift
- leg swings
- preacher curls
- shoulder shocker
- squat
- tricep extensions
- tricep rope pulldown
---

**Squats:  **3x5xBar + 3x65 + 3x85 + 5x5x95**
****Seated Plate Raises:  **3x10x25
**Seated Lateral Raise:  **3x10x10
**Seated DB Shrug + Clean + Half Press:  **3x10x10
**Deadlift:  **3x95 + 3x135+ 5×145

**Standing BB Curls:  **10x30**
Preacher EZ Bar Curls:  **10x30
**Standing DB Curls:  **10x20
**Tricep Rope Pulldown:  **2x10x30
**Tricep Extensions:  **10x25

**Duration**:  ~1 hour

Got a great session in.  It took me a total of 1 hour.  The time I accounted for includes:  warm-up (bands and stretching), core lifts (including warm-up sets) and the arm isolation accessories.  I'm going to try and track how long my sessions take.  I will also try to start tracking my weight.  My appetite has steadily been growing over the last month since I started lifting.  It's amazing to think that I've already started my second month.  Having done StrongLifts before, I definitely have great appreciation for being in these early stages of lifting.  The weights are relatively light so I feel pretty fresh from workout to workout.  And because I can still recuperate well between workouts, my mental state is clear.

Squats were good.  Still messing around with bar position on my back.  Low bar is getting better, less pain on the shoulder.  Shoulder shocker wasn't bad.  I lightened up the dumbbell weights from 15 to 10.  It was still very strenuous.  Looking at some videos on how to do the lateral raises, I need to take note of making sure I don't hunch over in the starting position.  The starting position is with an upright torso with the dumbbells to the side not under me.  Deadlifts felt heavy, banged up the shins and top of the knee a bit.
