---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2014-01-13 19:51:33+00:00
layout: post
slug: week10-day27b-rush
title: Week10 - Day27B - Rush
wordpress_id: 1399
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- db bench press
- deadlift
- dips
- incline db press
- preacher curls
- seated db curls
- shoulder shocker
- squat
---

**Weight:  **181.4 lbs ??
**Duration**:  11:20am - 12:15:pm ~ 55min.

A million things racing through my head this morning.  I had to get back to work by 1:00pm for a meeting so things were very up tempo today.  Clocked back on the warm-ups did 5 rep leg swings instead of 10.  Jump rope for 15-20 seconds.  Static hip flexor stretch and fire hydrants.  No foam rollage.  Didn't do any wall walks with my shoulder.  Forgot to do my planks at the very end.

**Squats:  **3x5xBar + 5x115 + 3x135 + 1x155 + 5x5x175

Didn't get much stretch in on the shoulder so low bar position was pretty tight.  Not much pain except for a few reps when the bar was a little too low.  Surprisingly, I didn't feel much in the low back and my left knee was feeling comfortable despite not having a knee brace on it.  I watched my left and right shins carefully to see if I was shifting my weight to my left or right legs.  Took about 1 minute rests between the last 2 sets.

**Seated Plate Raises:  **3x10x35
**Seated Lateral Raise: **3x10x10
**Seated DB Shrug + Clean + Half Press:  **3x10x10

Brutal.  35 lb plate raises killed my shoulders.  Rested about 1.5 to 2 minutes between sets.  I sped up the transition from the clean to the half press, using my clean momentum to press upwards.

**Deadlift:  **5x145** + **3x165 + 2x185 + 1x205 + 5×225

Took some extra resting periods between the 3rd and 4th warm-up sets.  Used the belt on the top set.  Wore long socks along with sweatpants, so the skin on my shins took some rest, less bruising.  Banging up my shins sometimes makes me hesitant on the lift, messing with my form.  The 2 plates felt pretty light though.  Used a supinated grip on the left hand and regular pronated grip on the right.

**Accessories:
**Preacher BB Curls 10x50
Standing EZ Bar Curls 10x40
Seated DB Curls 10x25
Incline DB Press 10x40
DB Press 10x35
Dips 6/3.5/3

Did some more dipping today.  Cranked more on the first set, but pretty much dead by the second and third.  Not much strength endurance on these, especially after beating up the triceps with the incline dumbbell pressing.
