---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2014-01-17 20:16:42+00:00
layout: post
slug: week11-day29b-beat
title: Week11 - Day29B - Beat
wordpress_id: 1404
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- deadlift
- dips
- incline db press
- preacher curls
- push-up
- seated db curls
- shoulder shocker
- squat
---

**Weight:  **182.4 lbs
**Duration**:  11:20am - 12:30pm ~ 1hr 10min.

As promised, I went on the Internets to do a little research on some shoulder mobility exercises I could do.  I found the following, I'll be adding it to my collection of videos.

I've already been doing the shoulder stretch-apart stretches throughout the day.  I'm using my green Theraband that was given to me from my physical therapist for the shoulder.  I've also been doing the second exercise, but only with my right arm.  The first exercise was new to me.  It was certainly very different, but I did feel a great deal of stretch on my shoulder.  The man in the video is Joe DeFranco.  I've also used his "Agile 8" exercises, a collection of 8 stretches/exercises that help with improving hip mobility and ROM.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Lnqtibxboo

**Squats:  **3x5xBar + 5x115 + 3x135 + 1x155 + 5x5x185

The right shoulder was still pretty super tight when getting under the bar on the empty sets.  The tightness went away when I had heavier weights on the bar.  These got me breathing very heavily.  Used a little bit of lower back on the last set, but I think, at that point, the fatigue was really affecting my form.  I was happy to crank these out though.  I was really beat after these.

**Seated Plate Raises:  **3x10x25
**Seated Lateral Raise: **3x8x12
**Seated DB Shrug + Clean + Half Press:  **3x8x12

Used 12 lb dumbbells and dropped the 35lb plate raise.  Still killed me.

**Deadlift:  **5x135 + 1x155 + 2x175 + 1x195 + 1x215 + 5×235

These weren't bad.  Used the belt on the top set.

**Accessories:
**Preacher BB Curls 10x50
Standing EZ Bar Curls 10x40
Seated DB Curls 10x25
Incline DB Press 10x45
Dips 8/4/3
Push-ups 10/8/6

**Core:
**Elbow Planks 45 sec.
