---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2015-01-21 14:29:41+00:00
layout: post
title: Week3 – Day8B
categories:
- B
- StrongLifts
tags:
- press
- prowler
- deadlift
- squat
- chin-ups
---

**Weight**:  184.3

**Squats**:  5x5x85

**Press**:  5x5x60

**Deadlift**:  1x5x125

**Prowler:**  3 + 2

Weight has been steadily going up.  What gives?  It may have been the jeans I put on before stepping on the scale, but 1 whole pound?  Also had a pretty late dinner
last night around...9:45pm.  Certainly have been reflecting the last 2-3 weeks on the soggy midsection.  Only time will tell if I'm on the right path I suppose.

Lifts were all pretty solid.  Played around with knee positioning in the hole to make sure they were tracking correctly.  I sometimes feel too much twisting of the joint,
somewhat akin to toeside carving during snowboarding when I try to push my knees out of the whole and ensure that they're not buckling inwards.  My toe pointing direction
also plays into this.  Too straight forward and I feel like I'm twisting knees too much.  Pointed too wide out and I feel like my knees are buckling in.  Just need
to find that sweet spot.

Presses were feeling heavy.  Used the smaller fixed weight dumbbell for these.  Hang cleaned them up to the rack position and pressed from there.

Deadlifts were really easy still.  Had mirrors on either side and in front of me so I was able to monitor my posture.  Still using 35lb plates so my back was not parallel
to the ground.

Had a full runway this time for prowlers so I was able to push for a longer distance on each lap.  Managed to crank out 3 reps on the first set and 2 reps on the second.
Very exhausted at the end of the sets, but recovered fairly quickly.  My goal is to go for 5 reps back to back before adding some weights on the prowler.