---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2015-04-24 16:53:41+00:00
layout: post
title: SS – Day6
categories:
- Starting Strength
tags:
- squat
- press
- pullups
---

**Squats**:  2x5x45 + 1x5x55 + 1x3x85 + 1x2x115 + 3x5x145

**Press**:  3x5x45 + 1x2x55 + 5x3x65

**Pullups**:  2/2/2

No weigh-in today.

Squats were better today.  I took a peek at my form on the side mirror.  It looks like my chest is almost parallel to the ground when I'm driving my ass up
first.  Not sure if this is something I need to correct, but I definitely don't feel like I'm doing a good morning.  I paid careful attention to how I was
setting the bar up on my upper back.  I noticed that when I went in straight, under the bar, I was able to get under the bar easier.  Wrists were put into
an uncomfortable position one time where they were bending back too much.  Other than that, the weight actually felt better than the previous session's 
squats.

Presses were pretty light still.  Performed the correct number of sets and reps this time.  This set/rep scheme is definitely much more conducive for getting
heavier weights up.  The 3 reps is the perfect amount, I feel, for getting the necessary stimulus, but not to the point where I get fatigued so quickly.  The
grip was a bit narrower today and the bar's starting position was higher up, with the bar at about the same height as the bottom of my chin.  Knocked my chin
on a rep and I was actually happy!  I'm trying to keep the bar close to my face to keep the bar path as straight as possible.

Pullups weren't as bad as I thought they would be.  Need to try harder and go for 3 reps on the first set next time.