---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2015-05-06 13:47:41+00:00
layout: post
title: SS – Day11
categories:
- Starting Strength
tags:
- squat
- bench
- deadlift
---

**Squats**:  2x5x45 + 1x5x75 + 1x3x110 + 1x2x150 + 5/4/5 x 190

**Bench**:  2x5x45 + 1x5x65 + 1x3x85 + 1x2x110 + 3x5x125

**Deadlift**:  2x5x80 + 1x5x125 + 1x2x175 + 1x5x210

Squat form was pretty good.  Definitely "busted a nut", as Mark Rippetoe puts it, on that last few reps.  I didn't manage to get the 5 reps on the second set.
First time I squatted with safety pins.  It felt like I didn't have a lot of room and I couldn't get full ROM on the squat (hip joint below patella), but
testing with an empty bar between 1st and 2nd set, I was able to easily get into the proper bottom squat position with the bar a good 2 inches above the pins.
I want to attribute the failed set on inadequate rest period as well as lack of sleep.  I was very groggy and sleepy this morning.  Will continue and go forward
to 195lbs and see what happens.

Bench press was good today.  Very stable, felt the bar at the base of my palm, no rolling of the wrists.  Index finger was on the knurling, so grip was a bit wider 
than usual.  Setup feet under me, then lifted chest to arch lower back and squeeze shoulder blades together.  Didn't tuck elbow as much and instead focused on getting
full ROM, dropping the bar as low as I can, maybe an inch above chest.  Right triceps burned on the last reps of the last set.  

Early deadlift reps, felt a lot of lower back involvement instead of hamstrings.  Narrowed stance a bit and narrowed grip.  This seemed to help with supporting the trunk
more.  210 wasn't bad!