---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2015-01-19 15:02:41+00:00
layout: post
title: Week3 – Day7A
categories:
- A
- StrongLifts
tags:
- incline db press
- prowler
- rows
- squat
- dips
---

**Weight:  **183.2

**Squats**:  5x5x85

**Incline DB Press**:  10x30 + 10x35 + 8x40 + 5x45 + 3x50

**Rows**:  3x10x80 + 2x8x80

**Dips**:  5/2/1
**Prowler:**  4

Workout today went longer than I wanted.  Also arrived 30 minutes earlier than usual!  Bench stations were all being used so I fell back to
going on the incline bench for some incline dumbbell pressing again.

Squats are still pretty easy.  Dug the bar down as far as I could to get it onto the shelf on my posterior delts.  The only issue I have with
this position is that on the way up, the bar slides up ever so slightly.  On fast reps, the bar sometimes leaves the shelf and slides its
way up to a high bar position.  

Incline DB presses were pretty easy.  I decided to ramp up the weights and end up doing heavy weight with low reps.  I was unable to get the
dumbbells up the first when pressing 50lb dumbbells.  I felt a moment of embarrassment, but decided I wouldn't let it get the best of me.
And so I rested for another 2 minutes after and mentally determined to get the weights up no matter what.  With a quick jerk, I managed to 
press the dumbbells off my chest.  Proceeded to do 3 reps, controlling them as much as possible.  

Rows were pretty easy.  Decided to do 10 reps on the first 3 sets again.  I had the benefit of having mirrors close to me (in front and to
my left) to check my posture.  I'm still using 10lb plates so I had to lower them to a hang position otherwise my back would have been too
low to the ground.  I'm trying to squeeze the shoulder blades together on the contraction phase to really engage the upper back.

Dips were difficult especially after doing the incline presses.  Due to the bars being built at an angle, I'm noticing I have a bigger
forward lean on the dip compared straight parallel bars.  Forward leaning dips typically help recruit more of the chest muscle, while
straight up and down dips typically work the triceps more.  

Prowlers today were slightly easier.  I started fatiguing at the middle of the 4th rep.  I was unable to finish another set.