---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2015-02-02 16:07:41+00:00
layout: post
title: Week5 – Day13A
categories:
- A
- StrongLifts
tags:
- bench
- rows
- squat
- dips
- incline db press
- incline bb press
---

**Weight**:  184.6

**Squats**:  5x5x105

**Bench**:  5x10x75

**Rows**: 5x5x95

**Dips**: 5/4/4

**Incline DB Bench (Left Arm)**: 3x10x30
**Incline BB Bench**: bar*10 + 2x10x65

Lots of snow over night.  Turned out to be worse than the "Blizzard of 2015".  It was snowing for the better part of last night into this morning.  Then freezing rain came down after
to nicely coat every with some extra slick.  Everyone from work is working from home including myself due to the weather.  Decided to hit the gym around 1 in the afternoon, but didn't
get to the gym by 1:45 due to have to clean off the ice and snow off the girlfriend's car.  Weekend was pretty exhausting.  Saturday, I was out all day from 9:00am to 12:30am at night.
I was thrown a surpise birthday party Saturday night, completely unexpected.  I have some really wonderful friends.  Sunday was another all day event, supporting behind the scenes for
2 world peace prayer meetings.  Immediately after I drove down into the city to meet a good friend of mine who recently received Gohonzon and brought him to a 3pm world peace prayer
meeting in the city.  Had a great dinner afterwards and was able to connect him with some other guys in the local organization in Brooklyn.  I'm really excited for him to begin 
practicing Nichiren Buddhism.  Got home around 8pm and I just couldn't fight off the exhaustion even though I was pretty determined to relax and watch some shows, ended up passing out.

So, what's with me sharing my entire weekend?  Well, today at the gym, I was feeling pretty tired still.  It took a bit longer to get really warmed up.  Even after my warm-up, the squats
I did afterwards felt very fresh.  It felt like I just rolled out of my bed and just started banging out reps.  Nonetheless, the squats were pretty good.  Used high bar position and
a narrower stance.  I really felt the heavier weight pressing against my traps.  Definitely experience some pain with the bar pressed up against behind the neck.  Not sure if this is
normal, will take note to make sure I do some reading on this.

Bench was pretty easy.  Playing around with my posture to get my left pecs and lat to activate more.  Overall, they were still pretty light.

Rows are getting a bit heavier.  I stopped doing 10 reps and did straight sets of 5x5.  Thinking back now, I think I may have used a bit too much momentum on some reps.  My torso position,
was much improved from the last A session and I took careful note, using the mirrors, to make it was parallel to the ground this time.

Dips were grinders, but I definitely felt like I had more endurance on them.  Managed to do 4 reps on both the 2nd and 3rd sets.  I proceeded to do some incline chest work.  Performed
the single left arm incline db bench at 30lbs supersetted with some incline bb bench at 65lbs.

The prowler was being used today so I unfortunately skipped out on them.  Definitely cut the workout shorter than usual.