---
author: generalchoa
comments: true
date: 2015-01-28 14:42:41+00:00
layout: post
title: Week4 – Day11A
categories:
- A
- StrongLifts
tags:
- bench
- rows
- squat
- dips
- incline db press
- prowler
---

**Weight**:  185.0

**Squats**:  5x5x100

**Incline DB Bench:**  10x30 + 7x30
**Bench**:  5x10x70

**Rows**: 2x10x90 + 8x90 + 2x5x90

**Dips**: 6/3/3
**Incline DB Bench (Left Arm)**: 6*30 + 4*30 + 5*30

**Prowler**:  4 + 2

Very long workout today.  Left work around 12pm and got back around 2pm.  Added an extra accessory for my left arm.

Squats got me breathing a bit heavier today.  I exploded from the hole on each rep.  It's difficult to maintain low bar position on my upper back and prevent it from sliding up so I
had to readjust a bit after each rep.  Squeezing the bar and bending it against my upper back helps with keeping it in place.  All in all, still relatively light.

Bench was also still pretty light.  Still feeling an imbalanced load between my left and right arms.  Warmed up with some incline db presses for 2 sets.  Did 10 reps on the
main sets again.  No fatigue in there yet.  Lightweight!

Rows were pretty heavy.  I think I may be jerking a bit too much on them and my torso is leaving parallel position (with the ground) to an almost 45 degree angle.  I became
aware of this when I peeked at my form using the mirrors.  Proceeded to drop my chest and pulled with stricter form instead of using momentum.

Dips felt pretty easy.  With the additional pressing, I'm surprised I was able to hit 6 reps on the first set.  Followed the dips with some single incline db presses with my
left arm.  Really tried to focus on engaging the chest and triceps.  Trying to find the sweet spot and mimic the feeling I have when I press with the right arm.

Prowler pushes were pretty brutal today.  BUT, I managed to recover relatively quickly.  Only did 2 sets of pushes.  My quads were screaming in exhaustion.  Legs were of the
jello-like consistency for a few minutes.  Hit the speed bag for a little while to get some strength back in the legs before I ended the workout.

Had a protein shake with 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup water, 1 scoop whey protein and a dash of coffee.  Forgot to bring utensils for my other solid food meals. I may jump out of 
work early and bring the laptop home and work from home so I can eat my delicious food prepared by the lovely lady friend.